Game/Super Smash Bros.md, before:

https://youtu.be/a4Mtj69JuQA?lc=UgxDLrGZtUogBQl0T8x4AaABAg
Health % <-- knockback <-- BLAST ZONE
# Normals (A)
**Jab**: press A attack. Twice for combo. A lot of times for rapid jab.
- Tilt: Down Tilt, Forward Tilt, Up Tilt  `(DTilt FTilt UpTilt)`

**Smash Attack**: ^ Stronger but slower. Can also be charged up.
Press right stick, or press left stick & A at same time.

**Aerials**
- Fair - Forward Air
- Bair - Back Air
- Dair
- Nair
- Uair
# Specials (B)
UpB, DownB, SideB, NeutralB

# Grab
- Goes through Shield
After grab, press A for pummel (small damage)
Throw them by pressing into a direction
# Shield
Shield damage -> SHIELD BREAK (stun)
Shield poke (u can move shield with stick to stop this)

**Spot dodge/Roll** - shield + direction
**Airdodge** - shield in air
# Movement
Full Hop / Short Hop / Multi jump

**Recovery**: Double jumps, air dodges, Up B
**Tumble**: When knocked back u start tumbling through air. Press Shield at right time to do a **Tech** & recover
**Spike**: hitting down
# Super Armor
Heavy characters completely immune to all knockback during certain moves
# Mash to get out of holds

# Out of shield
Jump, UpB, Down Smash
# Reverse Aerial Rush (RAR)
While dashing, turn around as you jump
# Smash DI (SDI)
Tapping in any direction during the 2nd hitlag frame & onward, to escape combos or tech off walls
# B Reverse
In the air reverse direction & special
# Jab Lock
After they bounce on ground, hit them with a weak move & send them sideways to follow up with anything!
# Footstool Jump
Jump off opp's head: Grounded=stun Air=tumble
- **Must wait 16 frames after last attack to footstool** / Can be short hopped
# Trip
Trips if target is not already sitting & knockback doesnt knock target into the air.
- Kirby: Down tilt (close, tip)  (30%, 35%)

---
-Ledge options(invuln/roll/jump/etc.) -Tech options(roll, neutral) -jump cancel(out of chargeable moves) -Neutral Air dodge vs DI Air Dodge -Shieldstun: prevents defender from moves

concept: -lag(landing & ending)

---

SD - Self Destruct
0 - Death   JV4

Good Spacing! <- Safe Moves

Neutral: Match starts in neutral, u get put in Disadvantage (off-stage, above opponent).  (Good Neutral = good in neutral)
Juggle them! Edgeguard them! Gimping is a type of edgeguard!

Commit message:

sync -- 24-09.18 21:47
Affected files:
.obsidian/plugins/obsidian-git/data.json
Game/Super Smash Bros.md

Game/Super Smash Bros.md, after:

https://youtu.be/a4Mtj69JuQA?lc=UgxDLrGZtUogBQl0T8x4AaABAg
Health % <-- knockback <-- BLAST ZONE
# Normals (A)
**Jab**: press A attack. Twice for combo. A lot of times for rapid jab.
- Tilt: Down Tilt, Forward Tilt, Up Tilt  `(DTilt FTilt UpTilt)`

**Smash Attack**: ^ Stronger but slower. Can also be charged up.
Press right stick, or press left stick & A at same time.

**Aerials**
- Fair - Forward Air
- Bair - Back Air
- Dair
- Nair
- Uair
# Specials (B)
UpB, DownB, SideB, NeutralB

# Grab
- Goes through Shield
After grab, press A for pummel (small damage)
Throw them by pressing into a direction
# Shield
Shield damage -> SHIELD BREAK (stun)
Shield poke (u can move shield with stick to stop this)

**Spot dodge/Roll** - shield + direction
**Airdodge** - shield in air
# Movement
Full Hop / Short Hop / Multi jump

**Recovery**: Double jumps, air dodges, Up B
**Tumble**: When knocked back u start tumbling through air. Press Shield at right time to do a **Tech** & recover
**Spike**: hitting down
# Super Armor
Heavy characters completely immune to all knockback during certain moves
# Mash to get out of holds

# Out of shield
Jump, UpB, Down Smash
# Reverse Aerial Rush (RAR)
While dashing, turn around as you jump
# Directional Influence
- SI: [the BLUE LINE](https://youtu.be/Phq1PLOo-nU)
- LSI: Tilt up to increase launch speed or down to decrease
- SDI: Wiggle stick in direction multiple times to escape
# B Reverse
In the air reverse direction & special
# Jab Lock
After they bounce on ground, hit them with a weak move & send them sideways to follow up with anything!
# Footstool Jump
Jump off opp's head: Grounded=stun Air=tumble
- **Must wait 16 frames after last attack to footstool** / Can be short hopped
# Trip
Trips if target is not already sitting & knockback doesnt knock target into the air.
- Kirby: Down tilt (close, tip)  (30%, 35%)

---
-Ledge options(invuln/roll/jump/etc.) -Tech options(roll, neutral) -jump cancel(out of chargeable moves) -Neutral Air dodge vs DI Air Dodge -Shieldstun: prevents defender from moves

concept: -lag(landing & ending)

---

SD - Self Destruct
0 - Death   JV4

Good Spacing! <- Safe Moves

Neutral: Match starts in neutral, u get put in Disadvantage (off-stage, above opponent).  (Good Neutral = good in neutral)
Juggle them! Edgeguard them! Gimping is a type of edgeguard!
