https://northshore.church/about-our-church/our-beliefs/
## You Are Made For Purpose

You are not here on accident. There is a God who, in love, created the universe and who made human beings in His own image. That means you were made to be a tangible reflection of the character and purposes of God in your work, your relationships, and in everything you say and do.

## You Are Loved

We all have our issues, we are far from perfect. We are corrupted by what the Bible calls sin. Yet despite this, God sent His only Son, who was perfect in every way, to die for your sin so that you would be forgiven. God says you are still lovable.

## You Are Not Alone

To help you on this journey of faith, God sent the Holy Spirit to be your guide. God also made a promise to always be with you until the day Jesus comes back and restores this world. Until then God has invited us to do life together in community with other believers, what we call the church.

## The Word of God

We believe that the Bible is the Word of God, fully inspired and without error in the original manuscripts, written under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit, and has supreme authority in all matters of faith and conduct. (John 17:17; Romans 15:4; 2 Timothy 3:16, 17; 2 Peter 1:19-21)

## The Trinity

We believe that there is one living and true God, eternally existing in three persons; that these are equal in every divine perfection, and that they execute distinct but harmonious offices in the work of creation, providence, and redemption. (Matthew 28:19; John 1:1-4; 1 John 5:7)

## God the Father

We believe in God, the Father, an infinite personal Spirit, perfect in holiness, wisdom, power, and love. We believe that He concerns Himself mercifully in the affairs of men, that He hears and answers prayer, that He saves from sin and death all who come to Him through Jesus Christ. (John 3:16-17, 4:24, 17:5)

## Jesus Christ

We believe in Jesus Christ as God, the only begotten Son of the Father, conceived by the Holy Spirit. We believe in His virgin birth as a human being, sinless life, miracles, and teachings. We believe in His substitutionary atoning death, bodily resurrection, ascension into heaven, perpetual intercession for His people, and personal visible return to earth. (Isaiah 7:14; John 1:14; Philippians 2:5-11; I Thessalonians 4:16, 17; Hebrews 1:2, 3; I John 1:7)

## The Holy Spirit

We believe in the Holy Spirit who came forth from the Father and Son to convict the world of sin, righteousness, and judgment, and to regenerate, sanctify, and empower all who believe in Jesus Christ. We believe that the Holy Spirit indwells every believer in Christ and that He is an abiding Helper, Teacher and Guide. (John 16:7-15; Romans 8:14-17; Ephesians 1:13, 14; John 14:26)

## Regeneration

We believe that all men are sinners by nature and choice. Therefore, they are under judgment. We believe that those who repent of their sins and trust Jesus Christ as Savior are regenerated by the Holy Spirit. (John 1:12, 13, 3:16-18; Acts 20:21; Ephesians 2:1-9; Titus 3:5)

## The Church

We believe in the universal church, a living spiritual body of which Christ is the head and all regenerated persons are members. We believe in the local church consisting of a company of believers in Jesus Christ, baptized on a credible profession of faith, and associated for worship, work and fellowship. We believe that God has laid upon the members of the local church the primary task of giving the gospel of Jesus Christ to a lost world. (Matthew 16:16-18; Acts 2:38-41; Ephesians 2:19, 22, 5:25-27)

## Christian Conduct

We believe that Christians should live for the glory of God and well-being of others; that their conduct should be blameless before the world; that they should be a faithful steward of their possessions; and that they should seek to realize for themselves and others the full stature of maturity in Christ. (2 Corinthians 9:6-8; Ephesians 4:11-16, Philippians 2:14-16; Colossians 3:17-23; 1 Thessalonians 5:17, 18)

## The Ordinances

We believe that the Lord Jesus Christ has committed two ordinances to the local church: baptism and the Lord’s Supper. We believe that Christian baptism is the immersion of the believer in water into the name of the Triune God. We believe that these two ordinances should be observed and administered until the return of the Lord Jesus Christ. (Matthew 28:18-20; Acts 2:41, 42; Romans 6:3- 5; 1 Corinthians 11:23-32)

## Religious Liberty

We believe that every human being has direct relations with God and is responsible to God in all matters of faith. Each church is independent and must be free from interference by an ecclesiastical or political authority; church and State must be kept separate as having fulfilling its duties free from dictation or patronage of the other.

## Church Cooperation

We believe that local churches can best promote the cause of Jesus Christ by cooperating with one another in a denominational organization. Such an organization, whether a regional or district conference, exists and functions by the will of the churches. Cooperation in a conference is voluntary and may be terminated at any time. Churches, likewise, cooperate with interdenominational fellowships on a voluntary independent basis.

## The End Times

We believe in the personal and visible return of the Lord Jesus Christ to earth and the establishment of His kingdom. We believe in the resurrection of the body, the final judgment, the eternal felicity of the righteous, and the endless suffering of the wicked. (Matthew 25:31-46; John 5:28, 29; 2 Corinthians 5:10; Revelation 20:1-15)